Remove non-OpenEthereum content, fix links and mentions (#365)
openethereum/wiki: FAQ.md

## Most asked questions
### How to get OpenEthereum in sync quickly?
The quickest way of syncing OpenEthereum client with the top of the chain is achieved using Warp Sync in combination with `warp-barrier`.

To make sure you get the most recent snapshot available and warp sync very close to the top of the chain, OpenEthereum supports the flag `--warp-barrier [NUM]`. Replace [NUM] with [the chain's latest block number](https://etherscan.io) **minus at least 10,000 blocks**. Example: if latest block number is 5,633,123 you should launch `openethereum --warp-barrier 5620000`.

Read more about [Warp Sync](Warp-Sync-Snapshot-Format).

### What are the OpenEthereum disk space needs and overall hardware requirements?

> Running a node with the standard configuration for the Ethereum Mainnet requires a lot of computer resources. The blockchain download and validation process are particularly heavy on CPU and disk IO. It is therefore recommended to run a full node on a computer with multi-core CPU, 4GB RAM and an SSD drive and at least 200GB free space. Internet connection can also be a limiting factor. A decent DSL connection is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running a node with the standard configuration for the Ethereum Mainnet requires a lot of computer resources. The blockchain download and validation process are particularly heavy on CPU and disk IO. It is therefore recommended to run a full node on a computer with multi-core CPU, 8GB RAM and an SSD drive and at least 400GB free space. Internet connection can also be a limiting factor. A decent DSL connection is required.
```
